[New Resource:] `azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_association` - rework associations with `azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_route` (#18600)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_association.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "CDN"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_association"
description: |-

>   Manages the single apply/single destroy incompatibility between the CDN FrontDoor API and the Terraform dependency graph.
> ---
> 
> # azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_association
> 
> Manages the single destroy incompatibility between the CDN FrontDoor API and the Terraform dependency graph generation. You should use this association resource to avoid receiving the `This resource is still associated with a route. Please delete the association with the route first before deleting this resource` error when issuing the Terraform `destroy` command.

Reviewer: this links a FrontDoor to a Custom Domain Association? that the API returns an error signals this was a design issue that we've fixed, not something users should need to consider, so I think we can simplify this to:

```suggestion
  Manages the association between a CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain and one or more CDN FrontDoor Routes.
 ---

 # azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_association

Manages the association between a CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain and one or more CDN FrontDoor Routes.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_association" "example" {
  cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_id = azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain.contoso.id
  cdn_frontdoor_route_ids        = [azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_route.contoso.id, azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_route.fabrikam.id]
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain that should be managed by the association resource. Changing this forces a new association resource to be created.

Reviewer: we use `ID` rather than `Resource ID` because it's an ambiguous term between Azure and Terraform:

```suggestion
* `cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_id` - (Required) The ID of the CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain that should be managed by the association resource. Changing this forces a new association resource to be created.
```

> -> **NOTE:** When the resource is destroyed it will remove the CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain association with the CDN FrontDoor Route resource(s) referenced in the resources `cdn_frontdoor_route_ids` field.

Reviewer: this is implied?

```suggestion
```

> * `cdn_frontdoor_route_ids` - (Required) One or more resource IDs of the CDN FrontDoor Route to which the CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain is associated with.

Reviewer: we use `ID` rather than `Resource ID` because it's ambiguous between Azure and Terraform:

```suggestion
* `cdn_frontdoor_route_ids` - (Required) One or more IDs of the CDN FrontDoor Route to which the CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain is associated with.
```

> -> **NOTE:** This should include all of the CDN FrontDoor Route resources that the CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain is associated with. If the list of CDN FrontDoor Routes is not complete you will receive the service side error mentioned above when you attempt to `destroy`/`delete` your CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain.

Reviewer: should deleting the CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain resource also raise a more helpful error during deletion?

Author: When deleting the CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain if it is still attached to a CDN FrontDoor Route you will get the error: `This resource is still associated with a route. Please delete the association with the route first before deleting this resource.` Is there something more specific you would like me to add here?
